(bright music)
- [Instructor] I will now offer my solution
to this challenge exercise.
So the first thing I did was I actually mixed it up
just a little bit.
So I created a class called room service.
Room service actually handled that iteration and data
and it returns a method.
Now I did this because I wanted to future proof
this application for what's coming up next.
In a similar fashion, I created a staff service,
and this staff service does the same thing.
It's got an array of elements,
and then it has a get all method
that returns that static data.
Again, later on, that will be tied to a web service.
Now, of course, I added a staff member model
and I enumerated the position
and I did that to match the database
and we'll show you how to do that later on,
but you'll see, I have it in enumeration on position.
After I did that, I created a controller
and the controller gets an instance of that service
and returns this part of the model
to a template called staff,
and I'll show you that in a minute.
I also modified the room controller to do the same thing.
So it's using the room service instead of the static data.
And again, I did some refactoring.
I did this for the next video,
not necessarily for this one.
So the last element that I did
was I created a template called staff.
And basically, I did the same thing
that we had done for room.
I created a table, and within that table,
I put our elements and I iterated over the model
in order to populate the fields.
Let's go ahead and run the web application.
You will navigate over to our browser
and go to local host 8080 slash rooms.
And you'll see that the room still works as we would expect
even though we refactored it.
And then, if we go to slash staff,
you'll see that we get the data.
And I took that enumeration and made it more user-friendly
to view by turning it into standard case
as opposed to all upper case.
And that's how I solved this.
And you can get detailed data in the example files.